Wait, what we're talking about? Oh, yeah, cooking, cooking, yeah, yeah.
Um. Curry rice and then cream stew.
Ah. I think.
My mom wanted me to start with those because once I learn Korean, then I can do
things like that. Cream stew? So...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.There's a lot I can branch out from there.
Yeah, yeah that's first. Yeah. And I love curry too.
Yeah.
Cook Books? I use, sure but not that much.
Yeah. Not now.
I learned from my mom.
Yeah.
Oh, I use it. I used it like...
Oh.
Last week?
Oh, got it.
mmh
Aah... Aah...
Aha.
Oh.
It's gone.
Yeah.
Oh.
Aha.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh...
Oh, the same one? Yeah. I see.
I see.
Aha.
Ooh.
Uh-huh.
uh-huh
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
and they did it.
I'm okay with leftovers. Yeah. Especially... For how many times?
But if you say...
Yeah. I think. Um...
But like... if it's like eating for lunch.
And then like dinner, something else, and then lunch. It was in our mind for like two, three days, I think.
Yeah.
Uh-huh. One food?
For the rest of my life?
Oh, One dish. One dish.
One dish for the rest of my life?
Should I go by nutrition or taste?
Oh, okay. Just anything?
Yaiks!
Oh.... Oh! Miso Soup. Oh...
Oh.
Rest of my...
Ojira?
Oh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Pork.
Oh, Yeah, yeah.
Definitely think it has to be something that's used in it.
Uh-huh. I... I don't know.
Yeah....
Yeah, yeah. I don't think I'll eat.
Yeah, that's true. That's true. Wow.
No....
Oh.
The one food...
but... mmh...
This is hard.
This is...
General? General category, then...
Well, it'll definitely be Japanese food.
Then something with rice. Different kinds of onigiri?
like rice, Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's like kimchi.
Yeah... that's true. That's true.
Onigiri. Yeah.
Oh, flavors of onigiri? Like rice ball flavors?
Oh, pickled plum? Yeah, yeah.
Harako? Oh... What's it like?  Oh...
Oh just grilled coal... culver?
In english culver? culver. Oh...
Yeah. Oh.